I have a bit of a confession to make
despite having a pretty cool computer
there's something I've neglected a
little bit my monitor I'm running the
same monitor since like 2014 and it's
just always been I don't know is this
really good enough to upgrade uh you
know another 100 HZ another 50 HZ a
couple more pixels but seriously today I
think this has changed I'm at the Asus
booth at computex 2024 and they're
showing off the Rog Swift OLED PQ 27 AQ
DP a
1440p OLED
480 HZ monitor honestly I'm just kind of
at a loss for words they had it running
the New Horizon game but we turned the
FPS counter on and I was like uh it
looked great the pixels were clear but
it was running at 80 FPS I think they
need a little bit better computer for
this but this game the finals I lowered
all the settings I turned on dlss frame
gen and I think we're at 450 FPS now
close I don't know how well this is
going to come across on camera but with
the response time of OLED pixels and
this refresh rate this is actually nuts
look at that text Glacier lacoin Cafe I
think it's getting a little bit screw
because dlss frame gen but I promise you
it is astonishingly smooth even the gun
you might recognize this display because
we did see it at CES briefly but at that
time they were only showing blur Busters
because it was such an early sample but
now we can actually game on it right now
we're just playing a 1080p definitely
not as sharp as it could be like if I go
in here and go you know let's let's turn
up the settings now I want my my OLED
premium viewing experience we can have
that now we're down to like 300 FPS but
the game looks a lot better and man I I
think I have found my new monitor I've
been an ultra wide person for like 10
years and I think it's time to change
naturally being OLED it does have HDR
features I mean they're saying at a 3%
window it's around 1,200 nits 10% window
around 800 nits and a full screen you're
around 275 it's not the brightest thing
we've ever seen but that is also still
pretty bright now with HDR enabled
calibrated and in the
game this is what I've been missing and
it's still like because it's OLED don't
get me wrong even though we're only
getting 100 something FPS right now it
looks smooth that's because the pixels
can refresh so fast that it looks clear
at least you can definitely tell if you
move around really fast that the frame
rate is not quite there but if you had a
faster computer or running a game that
runs a little bit better it's pretty
much the Best of Both Worlds you're not
what what are you losing here maybe Peak
brightness or you know when they have a
QD OLED version of this naturally let's
look at the clarity in a m uniform test
oh my God this might as well just be a
printed piece of paper that's like
rolling past is this actually insane but
I'm sure you're going to ask it's
expensive right it's definitely not
cheap they are targeting the same as the
last generation around $1,000 and
they're looking to release this early Q3
so we're getting very close but for the
amount of display that you're getting
for the money it's not a cheap product
but this ticks practically every box the
only one that I can see left is
CET which I'm sure this time next year
that's probably what we'll be looking at
I don't know if I can wait though just
like you can't wait for this Segway to
our sponsor thanks to private internet
access for sponsoring our 2024 computex
coverage their VPN network spans across
six continents and 91 countries letting
you access your local catalog of content
from all over the globe plus with a
single subscription you get unlimited
connections making it easy to run Pia on
practically any device we previously
partnered with Pia for years and they
just concluded their second security
audit putting further emphasis on your
privacy and security so go check out Pia
using our Link in the description for a
special deal with a risk-free 30-day
money back guarantee this display has a
similar party trick you can turn an
individual pixel off when you want to
see black it's just it's a little bit
bigger and a lot brighter this is a
micro LED display and we've seen these
on the channel before but the big
difference here is the size and it's
quite magnificent I actually saw this
display at CES about 6 months ago and I
asked them like please let me take the
bloody thing apart I want to see how it
works and they were like oh oh you might
break it but today they've agreed to let
us take it
apart oh well that wasn't that hard I'm
trying to figure out how many pixels are
on an individual panel so the pixel
pitch which is the distance between each
of these tiny little pixels which is its
own LED is 0.78 MM we have seen tighter
ones but still very cool but it's
exactly 10x 10 panels so if I count this
there's 10 and then this way twice as
wide 10 this way 100 that means how many
pixels are on this let's do the math
83,000 pixels on this individual panel
83,000 LEDs that's a lot of LEDs as you
might have seen already there is
actually two individual pcbs there's
just a little tiny gap between them
naturally that would create a tiny bit
bigger space between the pixels than you
know say in the middle of one of the
pcbs so they compensate for that by
calibrating the display and increasing
the brightness along that edge so that
that Gap kind of disappears obviously if
you go really close you can see it but
at a normal viewing distance they kind
of just fade away I'm kind of surprised
at how simple it is though it's these
two connectors and then magnets and pins
it just clicks on can I put it on oh I
got a little dirty okay gently very
close l behind the
sides that's actually so
easy
wo and then on the inside we can get a
bit of a sneak peek at the PCB behind
this unit not unlike a more commercial
tiled display it's just all connected
together with ethernet that's how the
signal gets to the individual sections
and then broken out into the individual
panels it's very a commercial style
still but then just distilled down into
a much much easier form
factor there we go ah look at that
there's our ethernet so there's like a
PCB the cables labeled to go to the PCB
there's a little power supply so it's
not power over ethernet there's
definitely power wires in here it's less
complicated than I thought I was
expecting this to be like a whole
operation but it's just a it's just a
fancy vacuum like I mentioned before 4K
but the peak brightness is 1,600 nits
it's 97% DCI P3 color gamut coverage to
Asus million to1 contrast ratio which
sounds a bit strange right like olev the
big thing with microed is you can turn
off an individual pixel or LED for that
matter so in theory it's it's infinite
to one but maybe I guess there's just a
little bit more reflection when the
display is off so they're like a million
to one close enough but my God just look
at the thing from this distance can you
see the lines Dennis it's kind of hard
to see sometimes like it's there you can
see the line
but you just you just walk back this way
and it all just melts into one giant
really bright high contrast display I
found one more monitor that you're not
going to believe it's not this one
though it's in here see it's an OLED on
an AO but not just any OLED it's a
flexible OLED on an AO I don't know why
but I like it and I like you so get
subscribed and see you later